Okay.
So we have covered all the panel and beaten things till now.
A few are left, so we will be covering in this part only.
We will be concluding basically the application by this video.
Okay.
So we have created all the patterns for playing the game.
We have a score updation panel or a separate like a dedicated thing for names of the player and thus
force of the player.
And in this, we are going to play the chances.
You can see everything is working perfectly fine and.
I suppose we want to make a and so we will try.
Okay.
So the dialog box appears saying that predicts wins and after clicking okay, the score should be updated.
So it is updated.
So the functioning of the game are by far working fine.
We have everything like action listener site attached with every button's event.
These are basically buttons, nothing else.
We can see that we are clicking at a button, so we have two more things left to do.
We have to set like reset the game again.
Only after that the score should be updated for the player.
So currently that is okay.
So the score is updating again and again for X.
This should not be the way for it.
We have to first reset the game and then again start playing and then only the score.
Score should be updated.
So by far we have covered most of the part like suppose it is like 90% of the programming section is
covered by FA.
Now the two more things that are left to be placed in the function are like notes and clauses.
Plus, of course are the reset button and exit button, which will be responsible for escaping through
this application.
So we are going to cover this in this part only.
So yes, so this is the 14th panel in the row of all the 15 grid five and three grid layout thing.
And this panel is for the reset button.
Let me show you.
Yes, this is the reset button and it is located at the 14th panel in the consecutive rows of all the
15 panels.
So this is the like line border and border layout styling for the reset panel.
And like continuing to this, I am going to add a G button and that button is going to be named as button
reset and it is going to be a new button.
So calling it as yes, it comes in the suggestions and the string should be passed as what should be
displayed on the button.
So we want to set the string as reset of all.
We want to set the button as reset.
So reset is set.
Okay, so reset is set.
The text was reset in the 14th panel.
We are successful in naming the button.
Now the next concern should be adding action list not to the reset.
So adding action listener and a new action is going to be attached inside the action listener.
So calling it as that only so action listener.
And okay, so it is done like this only.
Actually, it's not.
And or.
Calling actually is not is a function of force.
And inside this action is not.
We are going to initialize a public void action performed function.
So public void action, perform action perform is the name of the function.
We are like initializing.
And inside this function the argument is action event.
We are or we have already used this event in our program.
So the suggestions are showing us that.
Okay.
So the function is created now inside the function we are going to set, like what is actually going
to happen when we click the reset button, all the field blocks, whether it be with zero, like suppose
this is the stage of the program.
So when we click reset, the program will set to this stage only no more changes just to the chances
of the players will get vanished and the scores will remain the same.
Only these nine things are going to set to null.
So for every beat then we are going to set text to NULL.
And this is just a simple thing.
Nothing is so complex about this.
I am going to copy this like so this was but between one and it was from J Button Company and I am going
to copy it for suppose eight more times three, four, five, six, seven and eight.
Perfect.
So we have copied it for.
Total of how many times?
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.
It was only seven times.
Two more times now replacing her three, four and up to nine.
We are setting all the nine blocks to NULL after this so that a new game window should open and the
player should get a chance to play again and like, make their scores better, of course.
So, Kay, we are setting everything to NULL after this.
And like the similar thing we have done above.
So I am going to copy it from there.
Only this is like we have set to, we are just going to remove the private URLs in order to not to declare
anything again.
Okay.
So I'm going to pass the test and remove all the private.
We do not need any private, so as we have already declared it.
So what is the need of calling it as private or public as when it is globally declared above?
So no need to re declare it.
Okay.
So in order to remove it now formatting it.
And we are done with setting all the buttons like the actual listener is attached with the reset button.
And after attaching events like actions to the buttons reset button, and this is going to happen when
we click the reset button.
Now, I added a bit of styling to the reset button, like the font name is Tahoma.
The font size is going to be 22.
It is bold, of course, and the pointer panel 14 is to be added with this reset.
Now let us try to run the program and check that whether the reset button is yes, it is actually here.
Now, let us take a look that whether it actually resets.
Okay.
So player x one, congratulations.
X the scores are updated.
And now on clicking reset, everything is managed, so it is perfect.
Now that is okay.
So it is automatically updating the scores of this day.
So we will take a look into it.
Firstly, we will be adding like we had already set conditions for the 14 panels.
Now only the 15th panel is left.
Of course.
Then what the 15th panel is, yes, it is the exit button.
So the window should be escape as far as we click at the exit button.
So now creating the exit button.
And in order to create the exit button, we firstly have to create a panel, panel slash underscore
15 and this is going to give us a new panel which will be so like containing the exit button.
Yes.
So New Japan panel is the component of the string library.
So.
Yes, okay.
So this should be capital.
Okay.
Solar panel 15 is created and now we are going to add text buttons and events inside this panel.
So here the 15th panel is completed with a button or action event attached to the button.
And the string inside the button is going to be exit and this button is asked for.
I can see that it is the similar to the button reset, but only the actions involved inside this panel
is different.
And what are the actions involved?
So let's take a look.
So when we click this exit button on the panel, the frame will exit.
And if a statement is like written inside it j option pane.
So confirm dialogue frame and yes, I can show you confirm you want to exit.
So this confirmation dialog box will appear asking for that.
Do you actually want to exit the game?
There are two buttons attached with it a yes button and a no button.
And that is what actually like placed inside this action event thing, we are going to ask the user
for a confirmation and there will be two buttons attached.
Yes, no option.
We are using g option pin component of the string library and we are going to ask the user for a yes
and no option.
And we have not to write a separate code for this yes and no thing.
We have already the things in our library we have to not to like make two buttons separately, style
them and do so just call option pinpoints no option and you will be here with this thing.
Okay.
So after completing this, the system will exit with like null or this zero is for null false and leaving
x application like we will be escaping to the window with this action.
So this action is.
Thin hair and the confirmation if we are pressing yes, on the confirmation, we know.
So we will exit the window.
And if we press no, then we will remain in that window only that is no separate line of code written
for that we are only setting conditions for clicking yes button.
So after this we are going to add styling also to the exit button.
So I am going to copy this thing as there is no specific change inside the button.
Okay.
So we are going to press this call.
So we have pasted the styling thing for the 15th panel also and replacing 14 hair with 15 will make
it like dedicated styling for the 15th panel.
Now let us try and run the program.
So running Java four noughts and crosses class.
Okay, so we have reset button.
Okay, so that is some error.
We have to change the thing between reset.
No, this is between exit.
So we don't exit should be replaced at both the places we have placed reset button to the 15th panel
by mistake.
Okay, so now try and run it again and see that it is working fine or not.
So it is perfect.
It is working perfectly fine.
Till now, everything is correctly oriented.
Inside the frame we have a panel of 15 buttons.
Overall, we have nine train to three grid layout for the playing of the game, like x0x0.
And if a specific player wins the dialog box up there pressing, okay, the score will be updated on
clicking the set, the game will reset and on clicking the exit button, a confirmation dialog box appears
and if we click yes on this, then we will escape through this window we call System Dot Exit to Zero
and we click yes.
And we exited the application successfully.
So by far we have covered everything inside the application.
This is a completely functioning website like application, we call it.
And this the application will be able to teach you the concept of Java and we have used extensively
the string and the JWT toolkits of Java.
So yes, this application will make you able in understanding the open concept, the swing and JWT things
like we have used everything label option, pin button, text field and frame layout everything grid
layout.
We have used most of the components inside the Swing and AWG toolkit, so everything is going to be
made clear in your mind after making this application.
So I will insist you all to make this application on your own from scratch in your compilers by installing
the latest JDK versions.
And after this, I am sure that you all are going to have a good grasp at Java, its libraries, the
Swing and AWP toolkits and everything around this.
So ending this project on a good note and thanking you all for joining this project learning session
and try this on your own.
Thank you.
Have a good day.